Previously on "Midnight, Texas"...
The veil between the living and the dead
- is awful thin here.
- I think you're gonna
lead an army and seal the veil forever.
It's your destiny. I got a vision.
Midnight in flames
and you in the center,
the only one to stop it.
You need to go back.
If I don't, they all die?
You came back.
You and I, we've got
unfinished business.
I'm here because of her.
I don't want to be turned.
Once you turn, you'll like it.
Olivia, I'm so...
Back off!
Despite what happened,
I love you.
As soon as Fiji's safe,
I'm leaving Midnight.
Fiji...
Colconnar, he's chosen you.
There's no way in hell
I'm letting this thing
get anywhere near you, I promise, Fij.
I'm a virgin witch, a
powerful virgin witch,
and that is why it wants me.
Your emotions...
- You need to control them.
- Jeremy?
Colconnar sent me because
he knew you'd listen to me.
Go to him willingly, or they all die.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We know where they're taking her.
Going back to Midnight,
bringing her to Colconnar.
To use her.
When the demons came
through the veil last time,
they used women to
go forth and multiply.
That thing wants to...
It wants to have sex with her.
Which is utterly awful.
But not surprising.
Fiji's as powerful a natural
witch as I've ever seen.
All the more powerful
because she hasn't...
Yes, we know. She's a virgin.
I don't give a damn why it wants her.
It's not gonna lay a finger or a claw
or whatever the hell it has on her.
We won't let it.
What has he done?
You can feel him, can't you?
Getting closer,
stronger.
- Oh, God, is that it?
- Not yet.
He will come to you tonight.
Fiji...
Colconnar is very eager to meet you.
When I died,
the shaman said the
first demon was gonna rise
on the night of a blood
moon, that's tonight.
Well, besides the creepy
name, what does that mean?
Xylda and I wouldn't even do readings
on nights of blood moons.
They create a potent psychic environment
that can be a conduit for evil.
It's too dangerous.
It's also a full moon.
This just keeps getting better.
Fiji's spell worked.
I know how to kill Colconnar.
Oh, God.
Colconnar sent them to guard you.
Creek, Olivia, Bobo,
you guys find Fiji.
Keep her safe until Colconnar's gone.
Done.
How are you gonna kill it?
- Details aren't important.
- Aren't they?
Before we worry about killing Colconnar,
what are we gonna do about the wraiths?
They barely touched me...
burned right through my
clothes, hurt like hell.
What kind of weapons did we bring?
This is everything.
Wraiths are spirit
manifestations of evil.
An ax isn't gonna cut it.
I'm thinking we go old school.
They're evil.
Evil doesn't like holy water.
It burns, they recoil.
We clear a path to Fiji.
Will this do?
Yeah, I can sanctify this
and bless these weapons.
While they're with Fiji,
we head to the pawn shop.
Why the pawn shop?
There's stuff there I need.
Hey.
Are you gonna be okay
using consecrated weapons?
Over the years, I've developed
a tolerance for holy water.
At most, it stings.
Wow, I hate to break it to you,
but you're just not that evil.
It can't be easy for you,
knowing what Colconnar intends for Fiji.
Nothing's going to happen to her.
You look tired.
You need energy?
Or do you need to not be scared?
Maybe.
But we're not together anymore, so...
probably not the best idea.
There's something you're not telling me.
How exactly are you
planning to kill Colconnar?
- Details aren't...
- Important?
You said that.
You're trying to spare me, aren't you?
Look, we're gonna do this,
whatever the risks are.
So, yeah, I'm trying to spare you.
And I'd appreciate it if you let me.
Fine. Spare me.
But don't die this time.
Deal.
It's time you prepare
yourself for his arrival.
You look... unworthy.
Jeremy, Jeremy, Jeremy, Jeremy...
If there's any part of you
in there, your heart, your kindness,
please don't let him do this to me.
There is no part of me that's Jeremy.
You're one of them.
Colconnar was in my head...
In my sleep, in my dreams.
It's how Colconnar knows you.
Which means...
We all know you.
We're a reminder.
You're not all that
different from Colconnar.
Your powers destroy. They kill.
Just like his.
It's time you got ready for him.
Don't cry...
Fiji.
He's right.
I have to get ready.
Okay, we save Fiji,
kill a demon,
close a portal to hell.
And we don't die. Sound like a plan?
My flesh is burning. Stop talking.
Let's go.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
They're in front of the church.
Looks like all the wraiths are by you.
Yeah, looks like.
And they look different,
like more solid.
Doesn't matter.
They're still spirit manifestations.
They can take any shape they want.
They're evil, and
consecrated weapons will work.
Any idea what they're doing?
On second thought, never mind.
They'll distract the wraiths for us.
How?
Well, that was effective.
But not for that long.
It's clear.
Let's go.
Damn it. Go to Fiji's.
I'll make sure you're covered.
- Olivia!
- Go!
Get inside the pawn shop!
Come on. Let's go inside.
- Fiji!
- Open up!
It's us!
Fiji!
Creek, Bobo, what are you...
You should not have come back.
I left so that you would be safe,
so that what happened to
Manfred would not happen to...
Nothing happened.
He died, but he came back to life.
And your spell worked. He got answers.
Oh, okay. Well, thank
goddess he's alive.
But still, I do not want
anybody else getting hurt!
No. Manfred knows how to stop Colconnar.
We're not leaving you.
Maybe I want you to.
I can deal with Colconnar.
But I cannot deal with you dying for me.
Olivia's coming.
Get her on the couch!
Gonna be all right, okay?
Fiji's gonna take care of you.
No!
Manfred...
Manfred!
What exactly are you looking for?
The shaman said that to fight evil,
I need to know evil.
There are spirits
tethered to objects here.
Some of them are evil.
You think any of them are demonic?
I'm sure,
given some of the folks,
supernatural and otherwise,
who pawned things over the years.
Let me see what I can find.
She's in a lot of pain.
I know that.
My salve healed me, healed you.
But Olivia's burns are deep.
I'm not sure salve's gonna help her.
Try.
I really wish you'd have stayed away.
You're gonna take this.
It's gonna be a little gritty,
but it's gonna make you sleepy
and stop the hurt.
Might even give you a fun dream or two.
It's awful.
I know.
Let me take a look at...
The wraith did a number on you.
Mm.
But you are an assassin.
I'm sure you been in worse scrapes.
It's Manfred.
Don't tell him.
Olivia.
Lem would want to know the truth.
It'll distract them.
And they don't need that.
I'm telling you.
Don't.
Manfred?
Yeah, we made it to Fiji's.
You don't need to worry about her.
She's okay.
You just focus on Colconnar, okay?
'Cause nightfall's not far off.
Thank you.
You're right. Okay.
Love you.
And, uh, yes,
I know that's a first.
Did you say that because
you don't think you're
gonna survive this?
Does it matter?
No.
I love you too.
You wanted evil.
A, by all accounts, happy
and successful family man
found that on a hike.
That afternoon, he beat his
wife and six children to death.
Said a demon made him do it.
Sounds perfect.
Help me, help me...
No!
Why are they crying?
Iron spider.
Used to torture witches
during the Inquisition.
Voodoo hoof rattle.
What is it?
It's like an ice pick behind my eye.
Man, I miss my pills.
Will this help?
Any port in a storm.
So how exactly do you plan to know evil?
I plan to let evil hijack me.
These are ancient,
malevolent, demonic spirits.
Yep, that's the idea.
It could kill you.
Let's hope it doesn't.
Do you want some blood?
My blood?
Thanks, but no thanks.
Vampires aren't exactly
efficient against demons.
I know.
And, no, it wasn't to turn you, Manfred.
I'd have to feed on you for that.
Vampire blood makes humans
stronger, heal faster.
There are side effects, but
being possessed by demons
could have side effects too.
I'll stick to this.
I have some more items in
the basement, if you want.
These... these will be enough.
Okay.
She's burning up.
I'm worried about infection.
She should be in a hospital.
Well, then, why don't we all leave?
'Cause the last time I left,
Colconnar sent those
things to bring me back.
I'm not putting Olivia
in any more danger for me.
I'll go. Bobo, you stay here.
Go, go with them.
I'm not going anywhere,
except to bring your car around.
You get her ready.
The veil tearing again...
must bring back memories for you.
Not good ones.
I hated being a soldier.
Bowie said that we were fighting to
exterminate those inferior to us.
Never seemed worth the bloodshed.
But this battle, it's different.
It's worth it.
Because now Midnight's home.
Would you like me to
consecrate this for you?
Are you okay?
I have a sinking feeling
I'm about to lose everything.
You're being pessimistic.
I know the level of demonic evil
Manfred's about to unleash.
But I suppose these are desperate times.
Desperate times
can bring out the best in people.
Like with you.
It wasn't that long ago
I kept my distance from everyone.
- I was cordial, but...
- You ate alone.
Until the night my wereself was let out.
You searched for me.
You could have put me down.
But instead, everyone risked their lives
to protect me from the
darkness inside myself.
You're one of us.
I know that now.
Lem, we can use my church as sanctuary
in case Colconnar cannot be stopped.
I'm afraid that doesn't do me any good.
I can help with that.
What are you doing?
I'm burning a healing candle,
for Olivia.
Don't look at me like
that. I'm willing it so.
Like my Aunt Mildred would say,
intentions can change reality.
You said...
that you could deal with Colconnar.
What are you thinking?
My powers can be destructive.
I'm gonna use that.
I'm going to do everything I can
to protect Midnight,
to protect all of you.
I may not be strong enough,
but I need you to let me try.
Try what?
Colconnar's been after me a long time.
And he's not gonna stop.
I'm gonna stop him.
What aren't you telling me, Fij?
I'm gonna give myself to him,
and in the process, I'm
gonna try to kill him.
That's insane.
You have no idea how dangerous I am.
I've done this before.
Done what before? Done what before?
- What have you done before?
- Killed someone!
While... intimate, I killed someone.
Fij...
Please, will you just talk to me?
What's going on?
I loved him.
And I killed him.
I killed...
I didn't mean to, but I did.
His name was Jeremy.
Have you ever been possessed
by a demonic spirit?
Angry ex-husband? Yes. Demon? No.
So you intend to be possessed
by multiple demonic spirits
on the night of a blood moon?
What happens if you can't control
those spirits once they're inside you?
Well, then, we're all
screwed, aren't we?
Manfred, are you sure about this?
Hell no, I'm not sure.
But the prophecy says,
a man of vision who
can bridge the worlds
of the living and the dead, right?
Never mentions what kind of dead,
so this is the only way
that makes sense to me.
So unless anyone else has a better idea,
this is what we're going with.
What do you need from us?
Joe, Lem, if you can...
stay close, in case I
can't control these demons?
Rev, it's almost nightfall.
Moon's about to rise, so...
May I use your basement?
Of course.
I will pray for you
until I turn.
See you in the morning.
Spirits tethered to these objects,
I call to you.
I want to release you from
your binds to this world.
If you can hear me,
give me a sign.
I invite you,
cross over,
let me see you.
Is it working?
Oh, yeah, it is.
We're gonna be there really soon, okay?
I...
I need you to give Lem a message.
You can tell him yourself
as soon as you're better.
This may not end happy.
We don't know that.
But in case it doesn't,
what's the message?
I would have come back to him.
I'm offering a way out.
Help me,
and you don't have to be tethered
to this world anymore, in limbo.
You can get out of this pawn shop.
Move on.
Come on.
I want to make a deal.
Should we intervene?
No.
But you didn't intend to hurt him.
But I intend to hurt Colconnar.
Gonna take all my anger
and my hurt,
and do to him what I did to Jeremy.
He's a demon from hell.
What you got planned
isn't gonna work, you know that.
But I got a better idea.
Colconnar wants you because
you're a virgin witch,
so instead of giving
Colconnar what he wants,
how about you don't?
What does that even mean?
I think you know what it means.
You're kidding, right?
Wait, you're suggesting
that... that we...
While... while the world's
ending right outside this door?
Can't very well do it
after the world ends.
This isn't funny.
No, it's not. You're right.
But it's something I've
thought about for a long time.
Since that first day you
walked into the pawn shop
with that plate of sand tarts.
You remember the cookies?
Of course I do.
I thought you were out of my league.
Shut up.
You are beautiful
and kind and funny.
Don't tell me you
haven't thought about it.
Of course I have.
I just...
never imagined it like this.
What'd you imagine?
Well...
I thought...
I thought I'd make you dinner.
A roast.
And twice-baked potatoes, maybe.
Then, we'd watch a movie.
I'd pick something scary so you'd...
put your arm around me, but...
Like this?
Like that.
You're not scared?
You're not that same
girl you were back then.
So no.
Not one bit.
Bring the virgin witch to me.
Not gonna happen.
Evil is making you powerful.
Join us.
Nah.
I'll pass.
Your mistake.
Why don't you stop there?
You're not laying a finger on her.
I don't want to hurt you.
You won't.
And if you do,
I will die happy.
Bobo,
this isn't a joke.
I love you too much to hurt you.
So don't.
You will it so.
Your magic is strong
because you are strong.
Your love is strong.
And I trust you,
completely.
So can we stop talking now?
Fiji...
What did you do?
No!
Now you all die.
You need more power.
Emilio, no!
You don't belong here.
Here, the man who sold it
thought he was the devil himself.
This is over.
No!
Get out of Midnight!
You're free now.
Get out of me
and go to hell.
Are you all right?
I'm not sure.
But Colconnar's gone.
He is.
You're safe.
We all are. Thank you.
Hey, Lem, there's
something you need to know.
Hey.
Uh, just with everything going on,
I didn't know who else to call.
Please, please. How's she doing?
Uh, they say she has burn sepsis,
and she's not responding
to the antibiotics
and she might not make
it through the night.
Oh, God. Okay.
Creek.
I'm sorry.
She's hanging on, but they said
there's nothing more they can do.
She gave me a message for you.
She can tell me herself. Where is she?
I'm not dead.
I healed you with a little blood.
But I thought you said...
Vampire blood's not good for humans.
It isn't.
But I couldn't lose you, Olivia.
I'm sorry.
You won't.
Didn't mean to worry you.
Things were touch-and-go for
a while, but she's strong.
Your little girl's gonna be just fine.
No, don't. Do not step foot in Midnight.
You do, things will get ugly real fast.
Now, trust me. I have my eyes on her.
You're tempted, aren't you?
Yeah, I am.
You want to tell me
what you spared me from?
I let demon spirits hijack my body.
"Spirits," plural.
Six.
They helped me send
that thing back to hell.
But I saw what they
saw, felt what they felt,
and...
that wasn't great.
Sorry about that.
Do you think it's time that you and I...
Family isn't always about blood.
Family are the people
that accept you as you are,
without judgment.
The people that stand with you
in joy and agony.
With family, love doesn't
come with conditions.
Sacrifices are made willingly,
if only to spare your loved ones pain.
And if you're exceptionally lucky,
you're born into that.
But sometimes not.
- Oh, my God, I'm so late.
- Sometimes it takes
a long time to find that family.
Most of us know what
it's like to be alone,
solitary.
But because we know
loneliness, we recognize
the miracle, the magic,
committing to that family,
for good or bad,
sickness or health,
aging and not.
It's time to exchange the rings.
Don't worry.
Platinum...
Not silver.
In over a century, I never married.
You are an adventure, Olivia Charity.
Mm.
Well,
most men, my father included,
they're the reason I do
what I do for a living.
They made me angry
and violent and cold,
but you,
dead guy...
You came along and made me human again.
My pleasure.
I don't feel anything.
Maybe Manfred sealed the veil for good.
Maybe.
Or maybe he closed it
for a thousand years.
That's a ways away.
I can live with that.
Want to go home?
Is it rude?
No.
How about we go...
then we come back in a little bit?
So long as we come back before the cake.
Again?
Lucky.
You know none of this would
have happened without you.
Well, I wouldn't have come
back if it wasn't for you,
so by extension, it's...
All this is because of me?
Yay me.
Yay you.
How about you dance with me?
Dancing, uh, not my favorite thing.
Yeah, but it's mine.
Come on.
The hell is that?
You can hear that rumbling too?
How can I not?
Oh, gosh.
Apologies.
A terrible first impression.
The trucks weren't supposed
to arrive for another day...
Who are you?
Melanie Pratt,
work with Albany Worldwide.
We're a hospitality company
and the new owners of the hotel.
Why would you buy the hotel?
We're renovating.
I mean, it is a historic property.
I don't think that's wise.
Oh, this will completely
revitalize Midnight.
We'll make this town a destination.
We'll get tourists
in here from all over.
This town has a very colorful history.
That's one way to put it.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org